add deprecation warning about dev console (#1352)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2017-09-25-all-new-developer-console.md

type: awareness
---

> > WARNING: This blog post was written in 2017. It is out of date.  Okta no longer provides a developer-centric admin console.  Instead, all administrators use the same admin console for configuring Okta. 

Author: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info" role="alert">
  <p class="title">
    <a class="close" aria-label="Close" title="Close"
       onclick="this.parentElement.parentElement.style.display='none'">
      <span aria-hidden="true">&times;</span>
    </a>
    Heads up... this blog post is old!
  </p>
  <p>This blog post was written in 2017. It is out of date.  Okta no longer provides a developer-centric admin console.  Instead, all administrators use the same admin console for configuring Okta. 
  </p>
</div>
```

> > :warning: This blog post was written in 2017. It is out of date.  Okta no longer provides a developer-centric admin console.  Instead, all administrators use the same admin console for configuring Okta. 

Author: ``
```suggestion
> WARNING: This blog post was written in 2017. It is out of date.  Okta no longer provides a developer-centric admin console.  Instead, all administrators use the same admin console for configuring Okta. 
```
